Pasta with a sauce that is made
from tomatoes, garlic, onion,
olives, maybe some
eggplant or zucchini.
And that's, pretty much, it.
Probably a poke bowl.
I find it's a really
quick, easy way
to just get a lot
of different veggies
and sources of nutritional
food in one place, one hit.
I think the key
for me, especially
throughout
university, has really
been about keeping it simple.
So I'll make sure I
have good basics on hand
like a hummus or an
eggplant dip, both of which
are readily available
at supermarkets.
But are also really cheap
and simple to make at home.
And I can toss
them in some wraps
or into a salad with some
roasted vegetables on the side.
And that's really easy.
The other thing is if I've
got some time on a Sunday
or during the week,
I'll batch cook.
So I'll make a big
vegetarian chili,
which I can have for
dinners throughout the week.
My personal go-to meal I can
prepare in a very short time
is a can of tuna
and boil vegetable.